README.md, before:

## Python Wizzair scraper

Get prices for certain flights (semi)automaticly.

## Overview

+takes a screenshot of the website and stores it in images/  
+takes an 'html snapshot' and stores it in htmls/  
+parses the html and saves the prices of certain flights in a csv file in results/  
+gets input from .in files in SettingFiles/
+sends notifications using Pushetta if a price has changed.

This is done twice a day at pseudo random times. The randomness is introduced in delayedActivation.sh. The frequency of execution depends on what you put in cron. The example I give is for twice a day.

crontab content is shown in crontab.txt

Python version that I am testing with: Python 3.4.2  
This is all running on Raspberry Pi 3 with OSMC. Raspbian should do just fine too.

The screenshot and html snapshot will be removed after a week or so. They are only there for debugging.

## Input files
For every X.in file in SettingFiles/ a separate X.csv file will be created and filled in every time the python script is executed. First line should be the link to the wizzair page you want to check. The next lines should be the dates that you want to record, in the same format that you see them on the website.  
Examples can be found in Examples folder.


## Pushetta

<http://www.pushetta.com/>  
This neat site provides the functionality to easily send and receive notifications.  
You just need to register and create a Channel to write to and listen from.  
The site will give you a unique ID. You need to provide this ID and the name of your Channel to the script in order to get notifications on it. This is done by creating a new file in SettingFiles/ named "pushetta". First line must be the ID and the second line - the Channel's name. Example can be found in Examples folder.

## Crontab

Cron is used to issue repeated activation of tasks. In our case the .sh file will be executed twice a day at 10:00 and 22:00.

Basically, the last two lines from crontab.txt need to be added using command: crontab -e

## Things you probably have to install

sudo apt-get install cron  
sudo pip3 install dryscrape beautifulsoup4 pushetta

oor "sudo apt-get install python-bs4" if pip doesn't succeed for beautifulsoup4.

## HELP

If you actually want to try this and are failing for any reason, don't hesitate to ask me questions about it.

Commit message:

graphs are drawn from the csv files. +wizz discount prices option added

README.md, after:

## Python Wizzair scraper

Get prices for certain flights (semi)automaticly.

## Overview

+takes a screenshot of the website and stores it in images/  
+takes an 'html snapshot' and stores it in htmls/  
+parses the html and saves the prices of certain flights in a csv file in results/  
+gets input from .in files in SettingFiles/  
+sends notifications using Pushetta if a price has changed  
+draws graphs of the results

This is done twice a day at pseudo random times. The randomness is introduced in delayedActivation.sh. The frequency of execution depends on what you put in cron. The example I give is for twice a day.

crontab content is shown in crontab.txt

Python version that I am testing with: Python 3.4.2  
This is all running on Raspberry Pi 3 with OSMC. Raspbian should do just fine too.

The screenshot and html snapshot will be removed after a week or so. They are only there for debugging.

## Input files
For every X.in file in SettingFiles/ a separate X.csv file will be created and filled in every time the python script is executed. First line should be the link to the wizzair page you want to check. The next lines should be the dates that you want to record, in the same format that you see them on the website.  
If you want to see the wizz discount club prices just write "Wizz discount club"as first line, followed by the rest (seen in WithDiscount.in).  
Examples can be found in Examples folder.


## Pushetta

<http://www.pushetta.com/>  
This neat site provides the functionality to easily send and receive notifications.  
You just need to register and create a Channel to write to and listen from.  
The site will give you a unique ID. You need to provide this ID and the name of your Channel to the script in order to get notifications on it. This is done by creating a new file in SettingFiles/ named "pushetta". First line must be the ID and the second line - the Channel's name. Example can be found in Examples folder.

## Crontab

Cron is used to issue repeated activation of tasks. In our case the .sh file will be executed twice a day at 10:00 and 22:00.

Basically, the last two lines from crontab.txt need to be added using command: crontab -e

## Things you probably have to install

sudo apt-get install cron  
sudo pip3 install dryscrape beautifulsoup4 pushetta  
oor "sudo apt-get install python3-bs4" if pip doesn't succeed for beautifulsoup4.  
sudo apt-get install python3-matplotlib  

## HELP

If you actually want to try this and are failing for any reason, don't hesitate to ask me questions about it.
